Hello.
It's really hard for me to
say all this because I'm the kind of guy
that keeps his life pretty private,
but uh I am in pain pretty much all of
the time and I feel like my body is
completely falling apart.
So, uh
Oh, I didn't expect to get emotional. I
thought this was going to be a lot
easier to record, but it's just not.
Okay,
content will likely change a lot and uh
that's fine. That's just life. You may
have noticed that I'm posting a lot less
frequently and that's because it's very
difficult for me to constantly be making
videos. And it's not all bad things
either. Um I I am struggling with a lot
of chronic pain. It started with
psoriasis that I've had pretty much my
entire life. But the latest progression
of my psoriasis, it has turned to
seroriatic arthritis.
So, uh, that's fun.
But the biggest problem I'm having is my
neck. But it's also attacking my spine,
my hips, my feet, my fingers, my thumbs,
and uh,
yeah. So, I'm just constantly in pain.
This right here is about as far as I can
twist my neck without any serious pain.
But, um, yeah, that is what I'm
currently struggling with. So, I haven't
talked to a doctor yet. Um, I but it's
pretty clear with all of my symptoms and
the way that this has progressed what
this actually is. But, I'm going to talk
to a doctor. I need to
uh stop the disease probably with some
medications which is not something that
I look forward to or want to do but it's
probably the best course of action so
that I can at least stop the damage
happening to my joints.
Um
I think it's kind of too late for my
neck. There's a lot of damage in my
neck. I've had neck pain for just years,
years, and years, and I just had no
idea. And now I'm assuming that it's
probably all been because of the
seroriatic arthritis.
Uh, but I do have future plans. I still
plan on making content and I am still
very flexible and all that sort of
stuff. And I'm still going to be the
flexi guy. I'm just going to be the
flexi guy that happens to be in a lot of
pain all the time.
Uh, but future plans, maybe I'll be
doing videos with other people more and
I'll be stretching them rather than me
demonstrating with my own body and
that's fine. Um, yeah, hopefully I get
better and then all of this will just be
something in the past and that would be
really cool. But I do want to start a
podcast. Uh, I want to live stream.
There's lots of stuff that I want to do
and there's lots of stuff that you guys
can look forward to. But right now, I am
struggling and I am in a lot of pain and
that's just my life and
that's okay. You know, it's okay.
Some things in life are hard and you
just got to keep going through them.
I really didn't expect this to be
emotional for me, but it actually was.
So, uh, anyway, I'm glad we talked about
this. And, uh, next on the list is I I
have to make a short attention span
version for, uh, all the short form
people. So, uh, let's do that. I am in a
lot of pain. My body is completely
falling apart and most of the time I
want to lay down and cry. So, content is
going to be different. Basically, I have
psoriasis. It's on my scalp. You can
kind of see it right here. It's also on
my fingernails. I don't know if you can
see that. And the latest progression is
now it's attacking my joints, my
fingers, my neck, my upper spine, my
hips, my feet, basically my entire body.
Don't get it twisted. I am still
flexible, but now I've got a long
journey ahead of me trying to fix my
chronic issues. I know it feels like the
wider world is just falling apart half
the time. And you know what? Sometimes
my own personal world also feels like
it's falling apart. But let me read
something. The spirit of a man can
endure his sickness. But as for a broken
spirit, who can bear it? If you're going
through something right now, you're not
alone. Yeah, it sucks, but you're
stronger than you think you are, and
we'll get through this together. I love
you. It takes a decision to be strong,
and I'm asking you not to give up, and I
won't either. Do we have a deal? Stay
flexy.